feat: Use UploadHandler in documentation (#4317)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/upload/file-handling.adoc

Upload upload = new Upload(fileHandler);
----

=== TemporaryFileUploadHandler

The [classname]`TemporaryFileUploadHandler` works the same as [classname]`FileUploadHandler`, except that instead of taking in a [classname]`FileFactory`, it stores the data into a temporary file in the system default temporary-file directory.

The handler is given a `successHandler` of type `SerializableBiConsumer<UploadMetadata, File> successHandler`.
This `successHandler` is called for each successful uploaded file separately.
The `successHandler` callback contains [classname]`UploadMetadata` with information on the uploaded file and the actual [classname]`File` where the data was written.

[source,java]
----
SerializableBiConsumer<UploadMetadata, File> successHandler = (metadata, file) ->
    System.out.printf("File saved to: %s%n", file.getAbsolutePath());

TemporaryFileUploadHandler temporaryFileHandler = UploadHandler.toTempFile(successHandler);

Upload upload = new Upload(temporaryFileHandler);
----

=== Custom UploadHandler Implementations

For more advanced use cases, you can provide custom implementations for [classname]`UploadHandler`.

> You might do this, for example, to save files into a specific directory, or to upload them to cloud storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might do this, for example, to upload files to cloud storage or to load data into memory first, validate and save to file.
```

Author: done

> [classname]`UploadHandler` is a [annotationname]`FuncionalInterface` so it can be implemented or just be a lambda expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[classname]`UploadHandler` is a [annotationname]`FunctionalInterface` so it can be implemented or just be a lambda expression.
```

Author: fixed

        // Default responses are 200 ok for success and 500 internal server error for failure
    }
}
----

[source,java]
----
UploadHandler uploadHandler = (event) -> {
    try (InputStream inputStream = event.getInputStream()) {
        // Process the uploaded file
        // ...
    } catch (IOException e) {
        // The thrown exception will be caught and will fire
        // a responseHandled(false, response) method call.
        throw new UncheckedIOException(e);
    }
};
----

== Upload Progress Tracking

To add progress tracking to a custom upload handler, you can extend [classname]`TransferProgressAwareHandler`:

[source,java]
----
public class CustomUploadHandler
        extends TransferProgressAwareHandler<UploadEvent, CustomUploadHandler>
        implements UploadHandler {
    @Override
    public void handleUploadRequest(UploadEvent event) {
        try (InputStream inputStream = event.getInputStream();
                ByteArrayOutputStream outputStream = new ByteArrayOutputStream();) {
            // Use the TransferProgressListener.transfer method to copy the data
            // to notify progress listeners

>             TransferProgressListener.transfer(

Reviewer: Should be TransferUtil.

Author: fixed

        } catch (IOException e) {
            // Notify listeners of the error
            notifyError(event, e);
            throw new UncheckedIOException(e);
        }
    }
    @Override
    protected TransferContext getTransferContext(UploadEvent event) {
        return new TransferContext(
                event.getRequest(),
                event.getResponse(),
                event.getSession(),
                event.getFileName(),
                event.getOwningElement(),
                event.getFileSize());
    }
}
----
With this you can add the fluent methods to add handling for specific progress events.

[[add-progress-listener]]
[source,java]
----
CustomUploadHandler uploadHandler = new CustomUploadHandler()
    .whenStart(() -> System.out.println("Upload started"))
    .onProgress((transferredBytes, totalBytes) -> {
        double percentage = (double) transferredBytes / totalBytes * 100;
        System.out.printf("Upload progress: %.2f%%\n", percentage);
    })
    .whenComplete((success) -> {
        if (success) {
            System.out.println("Upload completed successfully");
        } else {
            System.out.println("Upload failed");
        }

>     });

Reviewer: This I'm sure should be moved to latest place and on the first place the docs should mention 
```java
UploadHandler.toFile((meta, file) -> {}, name -> {}).onStart(...);
```
then 
```java
UploadHandler.toFile((meta, file) -> {}, name -> {}, new TransferProgressListener {})
```
and only then this custom implementation.

Author: Added code samples and moved link anchor

[source,java]
----
public class CustomUploadHandler implements UploadHandler {
    @Override
    public void handleUploadRequest(UploadEvent event) {
        try (InputStream inputStream = event.getInputStream()) {
            // Process the uploaded file
            // ...
        } catch (IOException e) {
            // The thrown exception will be caught and will fire
            // a responseHandled(false, response) method call.
            throw new UncheckedIOException(e);
        }
    }

    @Override
    public void responseHandled(boolean success, VaadinResponse response) {
        // Set your own custom response value for success/fail by overriding this method.
        // Default responses are 200 ok for success and 500 internal server error for failure
    }
}
----

[source,java]
----
UploadHandler uploadHandler = (event) -> {
    try (InputStream inputStream = event.getInputStream()) {
        // Process the uploaded file
        // ...
    } catch (IOException e) {
        // The thrown exception will be caught and will fire
        // a responseHandled(false, response) method call.
        throw new UncheckedIOException(e);
    }
};
----

> == Upload Progress Tracking

Author: I'm not certain what would be the change for this as they are for the component given listeners.
Shouldn't those work automatically for UploadHandler also?

> == Upload Progress Tracking

Reviewer: We've deprecated some component's listeners (they will not work anyway with UH), so we should change this section.

These should be:
```
All Finished
Triggered when Upload has processed all of the files in its queue, regardless of whether all uploads were successful.
```
-> kept as is

```
Failed
Occurs when the upload is received, but the reception is interrupted for some reason.
```
-> should be replaced by `TransferProgressListener::onError`

```
File Rejected
Sent when the file selected for upload doesn’t meet the constraints (e.g., file size limit).
```
-> kept as is

```
Finished
Sent when Upload receives a file, regardless of whether the upload was successful. To distinguish results, use instead either Succeeded or Failed listeners.
```
-> should be replaced by `TransferProgressListener::onComplete`

```
Progress
Event for tracking upload progress.
```
-> should be replaced by `TransferProgressListener::onProgress`

```
Started
Triggered when the upload starts.
```
-> should be replaced by `TransferProgressListener::onStart`

```
Succeeded
Sent when the upload has been received successfully.
```
-> should be replaced by `TransferProgressListener::onComplete`

So partially this section should be preserved and for second part it can refer to progress listener section from another article.

> == Upload Progress Tracking

Author: Updated
